    Proxmox PVE plugin to deal with DRBD8.Designed to work with DRBD8 resources. It uses the DRBD8 resourcedirectly as virtual disk. It does the required"drbdadm up <resource>" and also "drbdadm primary <resource>", butit does no DRBD8 configuration! This has to be done manually.It is designed to work in single-primary mode only!I recomend to use DRBD8 on top of LVM for simpler disk generation.You need to define for each virtual disk a dedicated DRBD8 resource.This might sound strange and feel clumpsy, but this way a split brainsituation should be avoided in nearly every situation.One drawback of the single-primary mode is, that it is impossible todo live migrations of a VM to another node.------------------------------------------------------------------------PVE currently doesn't offers interface to add custom plugins via GUI,so storage needs to be configured manually. Here's my/etc/pve/storage.conf part:------------------------------------------------------------------------drbd8: storage_drbd_vm-100-disk-root    resource vm-100-disk-root    shared 1    content rootdir,imagesdrbd8: storage_drbd_vm-100-disk-var    resource vm-100-disk-var    shared 1    content rootdir,imagesdrbd8: storage_drbd_vm-200-disk-root    resource vm-200-disk-root    shared 1    content rootdir,imagesdrbd8: storage_drbd_vm-200-disk-var    resource vm-200-disk-var    shared 1    content rootdir,images------------------------------------------------------------------------As you can see, I defined for each disk a dedicated DRBD resource.DRDB8 Config comming soon ... 